Improve API documentation for WebSub Module (#226)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-websub: websub-ballerina/module.md

## Overview

> This module provides an implementation for WebSub Subscriber Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides an implementation for the WebSub Subscriber Service.
```

> [**WebSub**](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/) is a common mechanism for communication between publishers of any kind of Web content and their subscribers, based on HTTP webhooks. Subscription requests are relayed through hubs, which validate and verify the request. Hubs then distribute new and updated content to subscribers when it becomes available. WebSub was previously known as PubSubHubbub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**WebSub**](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/) is a common mechanism for communication between publishers of any kind of Web content and their subscribers based on HTTP webhooks. Subscription requests are relayed through hubs, which validate and verify the request. Hubs then distribute new and updated content to subscribers when it becomes available. WebSub was previously known as PubSubHubbub.
```

> [**WebSub Subscriber**](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/#subscriber) is an implementation that discovers the `hub` and `topic URL` given a `resource URL`, subscribes to updates at the hub, and accepts content distribution requests from the `hub`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**WebSub Subscriber**](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/#subscriber) is an implementation that discovers the `hub` and `topic URL` of a given `resource URL`, subscribes to updates at the hub, and accepts content distribution requests from the `hub`.
```

```ballerina
@websub:SubscriberServiceConfig {
    target: "RESOURCE_URL", 
    leaseSeconds: 36000
} 
service /subscriber on new websub:Listener(9090) {
    remote function onEventNotification(websub:ContentDistributionMessage event) 
                        returns websub:Acknowledgement|websub:SubscriptionDeletedError? {
        // implement on event notification logic here
        return websub:ACKNOWLEDGEMENT;
    }

    // other remote methods are optional to be implemented
}
```

#### Dynamic URI Generation

* Service path for a WebSub Subscriber is optional. WebSub Subscriber service has the capability to generate service path dyanmically.
```ballerina
@websub:SubscriberServiceConfig {
    target: "RESOURCE_URL", 
    leaseSeconds: 36000
} 
service on new websub:Listener(9090) {
    remote function onEventNotification(websub:ContentDistributionMessage event) 
                        returns websub:Acknowledgement|websub:SubscriptionDeletedError? {
        // implement on event notification logic here
        return websub:ACKNOWLEDGEMENT;
    }

    // other remote methods are optional to be implemented
}
```

#### Running Subscriber Service Locally

> * [**nGrok**](https://ngrok.com/) is a TCP Tunneling software which is used to expose services running locally to the public network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**nGrok**](https://ngrok.com/) is a TCP Tunneling software, which is used to expose services running locally in the public network.
```

* If you want to run the subscriber service in your local machine you could use **nGrok** to expose it to public network.
* First [download and install](https://ngrok.com/download) **nGrok**.

> * Run following command to expose local port `9090` to public network via `HTTPS` (related documentation could be found [here](https://ngrok.com/docs#http-bind-tls)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run the following command to expose the local port `9090` to the public network via `HTTPS`. For information, see the [ngrok documentation](https://ngrok.com/docs#http-bind-tls)).
```

> ## Package Overview

Reviewer 2: This is not package overview. This is `Module Overview`

> This package contains an implementation of the W3C [**WebSub**](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/) recommendation, which facilitates a push-based content delivery/notification mechanism between publishers and subscribers.

Reviewer 2: This module ...

Reviewer 3: shall we make the first sentence short and make it consistent with other modules.

> This implementation supports introducing WebSub Subscriber, A party interested in receiving update notifications for particular topics.

Reviewer 2: The party...

### Basic flow with WebSub
1. The subscriber discovers from the publisher, the topic it needs to subscribe to and the hub(s) that deliver notifications on updates of the topic.

2. The subscriber sends a subscription request to one or more discovered hub(s) specifying the discovered topic along 
 with other subscription parameters such as:
    - The callback URL to which content is expected to be delivered.
    - (Optional) The lease period (in seconds) the subscriber wants the subscription to stay active.
    - (Optional) A secret to use for [authenticated content distribution](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/#signing-content).
  
3. The hub sends an intent verification request to the specified callback URL. If the response indicates 
verification
 (by echoing a challenge specified in the request) by the subscriber, the subscription is added for the topic at the 
 hub.
   
4. The publisher notifies the hub of updates to the topic and the content to deliver is identified.

5. The hub delivers the identified content to the subscribers of the topic.

### Features

> #### Subscriber

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if we really need above two topics. Because this module only talks about subscriber.

Reviewer 2: Better to add topics like,

Subscribing 
Discovery 
Dynamic URI generation 
Running behind something like ngrok
Interoperability

## Overview

This module provides an implementation for WebSub Subscriber Service.

> [**WebSub**](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/) is a common mechanism for communication between publisher of any kind of Web content and their subscribers, based on HTTP web hooks. Subscription requests are relayed through hubs, which validate and verify the request. Hubs then distribute new and updated content to subscribers when it becomes available. WebSub was previously known as PubSubHubbub.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[**WebSub**](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/) is a common mechanism for communication between publishers of any kind of Web content and their subscribers, based on HTTP webhooks. Subscription requests are relayed through hubs, which validate and verify the request. Hubs then distribute new and updated content to subscribers when it becomes available. WebSub was previously known as PubSubHubbub.
```

> [**WebSub**](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/) is a common mechanism for communication between publishers of any kind of Web content and their subscribers, based on HTTP webhooks. Subscription requests are relayed through hubs, which validate and verify the request. Hubs then distribute new and updated content to subscribers when it becomes available. WebSub was previously known as PubSubHubbub.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
[**WebSub**](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/) is a common mechanism for communication between publishers of any kind of Web content and their subscribers, based on HTTP webhooks. Subscription requests are relayed through hubs, which validate and verify the request. Hubs then distributes new and updated content to subscribers when it becomes available. WebSub was previously known as PubSubHubbub.
```
